README.md, before:

# Tutor Application

The purpose of this project is to create an application that connects UMO students with tutors, and to facilitate the scheduling of tutoring sessions and assignments


## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

Editing and running tutor-app requires

NodeJS: https://nodejs.org/en/download/

React: https://reactjs.org/

and a code editor of your choice. The documents in the main folder can be opened using Microsoft Word and Excel, or any program that can import .docx and .xlsx files

mobx: 
Navigate to the repository, and run 'npm install mobx --save'
Then run 'npm install mobx-react --save'

## Running Tests 

The website can be tested by opening your system's command line, and entering

'cd (directory of tutor-app folder)'

'npm start'

This will start the react sever and open the website in your default web browser


Alternatively, Windows users can quickly start the website by running the "start.bat" file in the tutor-app folder

## Versioning

We use NVM (https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) for versioning. For the versions available, see https://github.com/hannahyelle/Tutor-Software-Engineering/tags

## Authors

* Calvin Mueller, Chase Pisone, Hannah Yelle, Hunter McDaniels-Rossiter, Klei Bendo

Commit message:

update readme with bootstrap npm install

README.md, after:

# Tutor Application

The purpose of this project is to create an application that connects UMO students with tutors, and to facilitate the scheduling of tutoring sessions and assignments


## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

Editing and running tutor-app requires

NodeJS: https://nodejs.org/en/download/

React: https://reactjs.org/

and a code editor of your choice. The documents in the main folder can be opened using Microsoft Word and Excel, or any program that can import .docx and .xlsx files

mobx: 
Navigate to the repository, and run 'npm install mobx --save'
Then run 'npm install mobx-react --save'

React boot-strap:
navigate to the repository, and run 'npm install react-bootstrap bootstrap'

## Running Tests 

The website can be tested by opening your system's command line, and entering

'cd (directory of tutor-app folder)'

'npm start'

This will start the react sever and open the website in your default web browser


Alternatively, Windows users can quickly start the website by running the "start.bat" file in the tutor-app folder

## Versioning

We use NVM (https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) for versioning. For the versions available, see https://github.com/hannahyelle/Tutor-Software-Engineering/tags

## Authors

* Calvin Mueller, Chase Pisone, Hannah Yelle, Hunter McDaniels-Rossiter, Klei Bendo
